Hello, Kirill and today we are
tell you about our homemade
ship mary king first this here
such a crocodile
it can move the upper jaw and
move the tail well, now let's see
minifigures on the ship
first figurine this is this this assistant
Captain Lego is
sablin and his black cockedhear such
his golden shoulder pads we can while
next cup is we have this and
the helmman
in general it is this pirate of us
called red beard can they already
here lived brada that red beards
go to the python in this ship here
such we have a captain of his weapons here
such a saber is there
interesting egg such
the tank wall also has such a black trick
will torture
click on the ship deck next
minifigure is usually so fun
he has nothing of such weapons but
just an orphan she run you don't understand
three-cornered jack sparrow
here is who watched the pirate of the caribbean
This is what we have here
a hat with a jolly roger and such
dumb samurai sword and last two
minifigurki this we have such
and today is a sailor whose hands
duel the gun the gun was very
cool and that's quite figurines and and punishment
medium
I myself can not put it here and
the last minifigure is black
crow as you see he has a black beard and
closed and
how is he
aka the city can be eye looks well
well and minifigur all now let's
let's go to the bag there too
I have a function here they were me
say very cool 1 and one yusb
regulates the edge of the tube what a little
Is there any rut that she is already so another
function here can move us
up and down and with that you can
increase the length and height of your
ship
there is also a cable reel on
which us anchor and she can
unwind it dangle Well
now we will see what is inside for
this we will have to disassemble the top
deck and then we can see then
what's inside
Roger is like that without a hand
such create such a soldier who sits
at the table and looks at the map
well now we will make see and our light
not the deck and continue our review
so of course we have to beat someone to
he wants us to